Add mobile developer JD (#145)
gravitational/careers: jobs/mobile.md

# Mobile Engineer

## About Us

Teleport is the Infrastructure Identity Company, modernizing identity, access,
and policy for infrastructure, improving engineering velocity and resiliency of
critical infrastructure against human factors and/or compromise.

We are a fast-growing, well-funded Y-Combinator company. We value our craft,
are strong supporters of work/life balance, and embrace a culture of humility,
honesty, and transparency.

## About this job

We are looking for product-focused mobile engineers to help launch our first
mobile app.

> You will build mobile apps, backend APIs, and integrations for all parts of Teleport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will primarily build native mobile applications (starting with iOS), while also contributing to backend APIs and integrations for all parts of Teleport.
```

just wordsmithed a little

You will work on the full product lifecycle from working with customers to
understand their problems, writing RFDs for your proposed design,
implementation, testing, and documentation.

Teleport is an open core project and most of the code you will write will be
open source.

## Projects you may work on

* Extending Teleport's [Device
  Trust](https://goteleport.com/docs/identity-governance/device-trust/)
  functionality to iOS and other mobile platforms.
* Making Teleport easier to use on mobile platforms

> * Building mobile features that support our passwordless vision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Making Teleport easier to use on mobile platforms.
* Building mobile features that support our passwordless vision.
```

## Requirements

* iOS experience
* Experience with Go, Android, or Cryptography engineering is a plus

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Requirements

* Experience building and shipping production iOS applications
* Strong understanding of mobile security fundamentals (keychain, secure storage, authentication flows)
* Comfort working across the entire stack (?? maybe could be said better?)

## Nice to Have

* Experience with Go (or equivalent systems language) or backend API development
* Android experience
* Background in security and cryptography
* Experience contributing to open source projects
```

As we are a startup, you should be comfortable changing the area of focus and
working directly with customers.

## Interview Process

What to expect once you apply:

* You will join 30 minute intro call and we will walk you through the
  compensation, interview process and requirements.

> * You join a Slack channel and submit a coding challenge using GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You’ll join a Slack channel where we’ll share a practical coding challenge to complete and submit via GitHub
```

should we speak about the length of the challenge? im not sure if thats changing, re: rj's talk yesterday
